logicalObjectSearch.xhtml = OPH_008B.html 
groupSearch.xhtml = OPH_001B.html
groupNetExecution.xhtml = OPH_009B.html
groupExecution.xhtml = OPH_007E.html
groupCheckPoint.xhtml = OPH_006B.html
groupHistory.xhtml = OPH_003B.html
searchMerchantsData.xhtml = ESH_006B.html
searchApplicationsClient.xhtml = SOH_004B.html
searchCustomerCategories.xhtml = MEH_004B.html
searchDerogatoryOfIds.xhtml = NUH_044B.html
customerSearch.xhtml = SCH_001B.html
generateUpdates.xhtml = SCH_075B.html
updateManagement.xhtml = SCH_009B.html
searchBlockedCustomers.xhtml = SCH_032B.html
searchAccountingIdentifiers.xhtml = NUH_078B.html
searchTypeOfDefaults.xhtml = NUH_015B.html
searchAccountantParameter.xhtml = CTH_001B.html
accountantBalanceFlowFilter.xhtml = CTH_002B.html
searchProductsDefinition.xhtml = MEH_002B.html
searchCreditLines.xhtml = MEH_001B4.html
searchDefiningOtherCards.xhtml = MEH_030B.html
searchAmortizationSchemes.xhtml = NUH_007B.html
searchStatementMessages.xhtml = NUH_062B.html
searchStatementMessagesBins.xhtml = NUH_064B.html
searchPointOfDelivery.xhtm = PLH_006B.html
searchApplicationsParameters.xhtml = SOH_001B.html
searchProductsApplication.xhtml = SOH_001B7.html
searchApplicationsClient.xhtml = SOH_003B.html
searchClientUpdates.xhtml = SOH_006E.html
selectStage.xhtml = SOH_040B.html
searchApplications.xhtml = SOH_022B.html
filterForcedStagesApplications.xhtml = SOH_023B.html
updateStatistics.xhtml = SOH_025B.html
searchSearchStatisticsProducts.xhtml = SOH_024B.html
searchEmergencyCards.xhtml = SOH_029B.html
searchProductsDefinition.xhtml = MEH_021B.html
searchCustomerSegmentation.xhtml = MEH_012B.html
searchCardsSegmentation.xhtml = MEH_017B.html
searchCompanyMarketingGoals.xhtml = CAH_015B.html
customerSearch.xhtml = SCH_001B.html
generateUpdatesCards.xhtml = SCH_075B.html
updateManagementCard.xhtml = SCH_009B.html
monetaryAdjustmentStep1.xhtml = CAH_011B.html
searchCardsCrLimitIncreaseList.xhtml = CAH_006B.html
searchCardRenovationList.xhtml = CAH_005B.html
searchProspects.xhtml = CAH_008B.html
changeMassiveAccountMngr.xhtml = CAH_012B.html
insertIssuerBranchMassiveChange.xhtml = CAH_010B.html
searchLostCards.xhtml = SCH_030B.html
searchPortfolioParameters.xhtml = CAH_013B.html
searchReorganization.xhtml = CAH_014B.html
searchRefinancedCardsUnblock.xhtml = CAH_019B.html
searchRestructuredCards.xhtml = CAH_016B.html
pendingsSolutionFlow.xhtml = INH_008B.html
searchChecksPayment.xhtml = INH_008B1.html
searchProcesorRejectFlow.xhtml = INH_008B3.html
searchForwardRemovedTrx.xhtml = INH_017B.html
searchDepositsCapture.xhtml = INH_004B.html
globalInterchangeSearch.xhtml = INH_006B.html
flowSearch.xhtml = INH_040B.html
searchFrauds.xhtml = INH_022B.html 
searchIssuerChargebacks.xhtml = INH_027B.html
searchPapersOnCollect.xhtml = INH_029E.html
searchFeeCollectionChargebacks.xhtml = INH_028B.html
searchAcquirers.xhtml = COH_001B.html
searchParametersPin.xhtml = COH_041B.html
searchConnectionPorts.xhtml = COH_007B.html
searchTerminalTypes.xhtml = COH_002B.html
searchMessagesTypes.xhtml = COH_004B.html
searchTerminalCodes.xhtml = COH_003B.html
searchResponseCodes.xhtml = COH_014B.html
searchMessagesData.xhtml = COH_005E.html
searchMessagesTypesData.xhtml = COH_006E.html
searchDenyCodesAuthLoading.xhtml = COH_024B.html
searchConfiguration.xhtml = COH_015B.html
searchKeys.xhtml = COH_040B.html
searchKeyCryptograms.xhtml = COH_021B.html
searchValidations.xhtml = COH_016B1.html
searchProcessToValidateInAuth.xhtml = COH_016B.html
loadAuthorizationInformation.xhtml = COH_009B.html
loadSpecialAuthorizationInformation.xhtml = COH_011B.html
loadAuthorizationRevertionInformation.xhtml = COH_010B.html
searchAuthorizations.xhtml = COH_012B.html
searchAuthorizationsLog.xhtml = COH_013B.html
searchMastercardAuthorizationResultLoadSearch.xhtml = COH_020B.html
searchVisaAuthorizationResultLoad.xhtml = COH_020B1.html
searchSystemMessages.xhtml = COH_042B.html
insertCardsToEmbossPage1.xhtml = PLH_008B.html
searchPlasticsInEmbossement.xhtml = PLH_005B.html
searchEmbossedCards.xhtml = PLH_009B.html 
insertCardsAtSecurityPasswordPage1.xhtml = PLH_014B.html 
searchCardWithSecPassword.xhtml = PLH_016B.html 
insertCardsAtSecurityEnvelopePage1.xhtml = PLH_021B.html
searchCardWithSecEnvelope.xhtml = PLH_022B.html
insertCardsAtShippingMailPage1.xhtml = PLH_013B.html
searchCardsSentToMailShipping.xhtml = PLH_017B.html
searchCardsInventory.xhtml = PLH_001B.html
insertCardsAtInventoryPage1.xhtml = PLH_020B.html
loadCardsInventoryFile.xhtml = PLH_031B.html
searchCardsAtInventory.xhtml = PLH_015B.html
searchRemissionAndReceivedPlastics.xhtml = PLH_032B.html
insertDeliveredCardsPage1.xhtml = PLH_011B.html
loadDeliveredCardsFile.xhtml = PLH_030B.html
searchDeliveredCards.xhtml = PLH_018B.html 
searchRejectedCards.xhtml = PLH_019B.html
searchManagementClasses.xhtml = RCH_001B.html
searchRoles.xhtml = RCH_002B.html 
searchManagers.xhtml = RCH_003B.html
searchRequisites.xhtml = RCH_004B.html 
searchActivities.xhtml = RCH_005B.html
searchClaimsFunctionary.xhtml = RCH_006B.html
searchClaimsManagement.xhtml = RCH_007B.html
searchMasterClaims.xhtml = RCH_008B.html 
searchHistoricMasterClaims.xhtml = RCH_009B.html 
searchAwardsPoints.xhtml = MEH_013B.html
searchPointsSchemes.xhtml = MEH_006B.html
searchSchemesPoint.xhtml = MEH_011B.html
searchConsultPointsCard.xhtml = SCH_065B.html
searchRedemptionAwards.xhtml = MEH_014B.html
insertRevertionAwardsPage1.xhtml = MEH_015B.html
searchCollectionAgency.xhtml = CCH_001B.html
searchCollectionTypes.xhtml = CCH_002B.html
searchDocumentsTypes.xhtml = CCH_003B.html
searchCollectionActivities.xhtml = CCH_004B.html
searchParametersQualification.xhtml = CCH_005B.html
searchActivitiesXCollectionType.xhtml = CCH_006B.html
searchCollectionProfile.xhtml = CCH_007B.html
searchDiscountsTypes.xhtml = CCH_008B.html
searchCommissions.xhtml = CCH_009B.html
searchAgreementsTypes.xhtml = CCH_011B.html
searchCollectionTypeAgents.xhtml = CCH_012B.html
searchDebtorClients.xhtml = CCH_013B.html
searchCollectionXObligation.xhtml = CCH_014B.html
insertActivitiesXCollectionAgents.xhtml = CCH_015B.html
searchActivitiesXCollection.xhtml = CCH_016B.html
searchCollectionReassignment.xhtml = CCH_017B.html
searchAgentsPayments.xhtml = CCH_018B.html
searchActivitiesXCollection.xhtml = CCH_019B.html 
searchHistoActivXColle.xhtml = CCH_020B.html
searchAgentsAndPromotersActivities.xhtml = APH_001B.html
searchCommissionsAndGoalsActivities.xhtml = APH_002B.html
searchAgentsAndPromotersDeductions.xhtml = APH_003B.html
searchPromoters.xhtml = APH_003B.html
searchActivitiesXPromoter.xhtml = APH_005B.html
searchCompletedActivitiesXPromoter.xhtml = APH_009B.html
searchAssignedActivitiesXPromoter.xhtml = APH_006B.html
searchLiquidationsXPromoter.xhtml = APH_007B.html
liquidationsxpromoterstatistics.xhtml = APH_008B.html
//////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
searchUsers.xhtml = NUH_010B.html
searchRole.xhtml =  NUH_014B.html
searchLanguages.xhtml = NUH_024B.html
searchSafeButtons.xhtml = NUH_034B.html
searchFilesLocation.xhtml = NUH_053B.html
searchEntities.xhtml = NUH_076E.html
searchWebServicesUsers.xhtml = NUH_126E.html
searchGroupsParameters.xhtml = NUH_121E.html
searchParametersEncryptionKeys.xhtml = NUH_122E.html
searchServerParameters.xhtml =  NUH_123E.html
searchAssociationGroupsKeysFiles.xhtml = NUH_124E.html
searchParametersPciDss.xhtml = NUH_120E.html
searchEconomicActivitiesCategory.xhtml= NUH_032B.html
searchMobileCarriers.xhtml = NUH_039B.html
searchInstitution.xhtml = NUH_019B.html
searchTerritorialEntitiesCountry.xhtml = NUH_003B.html
searchVehiclesTradeMarks.xhtml = NUH_013B.html
searchCurrencies.xhtml = NUH_005B.html
searchProfessionsLevels.xhtml = NUH_030B.html
searchAssetsType.xhtml = NUH_011B.html
searchAddressType.xhtml = NUH_004B.html
searchIdentificationType.xhtml = NUH_008B.html
searchOccupationTypes.xhtml = NUH_120B.html
searchOrganizationTypes.xhtml = NUH_038B.html
searchSupplierType.xhtml = NUH_031B.html
searchRelationshipType.xhtml = NUH_028B.html
searchGeographicalZones.xhtml = NUH_041B.html
searchTemplate.xhtml = NUH_115E.html
searchInternationalBins.xhtml = NUH_018B.html
searchBinDefinition.xhtml = MEH_001B.html
searchBalancesConcepts.xhtml = NUH_035B.html
searchBranches.xhtml = NUH_020B.html
searchBrands.xhtml = NUH_033B.html
searchFunctionaries.xhtml = NUH_045B.html
searchMerchantGroups.xhtml = ESH_001B.html 
searchCreditModality.xhtml = NUH_123B.html
searchPlasticsModels.xhtml = NUH_057B.html
searchDesaffiliationReasons.xhtml = ESH_004B.html
searchBouncedChecksReasons.xhtml = INH_002B.html
searchVoluntaryCancelReasons.xhtml = NUH_009B.html
searchWithholdingExemptions.xhtml = ESH_003B.html
searchBrandsForFranchisesParameters.xhtml = INH_034B.html
searchCardNumberParameters.xhtml = NUH_052B.html
searchPromoterProfiles.xhtml = NUH_060B.html
searchSuppliers.xhtml = NUH_063B.html
searchWorkingRelationShip.xhtml = NUH_084B.html
searchDepositAccountsTypes.xhtml = MEH_000B.html
searchWarrantyType.xhtml = NUH_122B.html
searchServicesClasses.xhtml = ESH_002B.html
searchTypesOfRatesAndIndicators.xhtml = NUH_036B.html
searchTransactDenialReasons.xhtml = INH_014B.html
searchTransactDenialReasons.xhtml = NUH_016B.html
searchBillingCycles.xhtml = CAH_003B.html
searchPaymentsConcepts.xhtml = NUH_048B.html
searchBlockings.xhtml = CAH_002B.html
searchBillingNodes.xhtml = NUH_071B.html
searchAdministrativeUpdates.xhtml = NUH_017B.html
searchTransactionSources.xhtml = NUH_027B.html
searchDataCaptureParameters.xhtml = NUH_050B.html
searchBrandsAllowed.xhtml = INH_003B.html
searchClearingHouseParameters.xhtml = INH_012B.html
searchGeneralOperativeParameters.xhtml = NUH_097B.html
searchOperativeParameterIssuer.xhtml = NUH_055B.html
searchSupplModelsEmbossment.xhtml = PLH_010B.html
searchPaymentsApplicatPriority.xhtml = CAH_007B.html
searchOrigins.xhtml = INH_031B.html
searchCorporateTransactions.xhtml = MEH_003B.html
searchEconomicIndicatorsEntity.xhtml = NUH_043B.html
searchExchangeRateForEntities.xhtml = NUH_042B1.html
searchCorporationCalendar.xhtml = NUH_023B.html
searchNoCustomizedPlasticMassGeneration.xhtml = SOH_026B.html
searchCentralParameters.xhtml = SOH_053B.html
searchNationalBins.xhtml = NUH_026B.html
searchChains.xhtml = ESH_005B.html
searchExternalQualifications.xhtml = NUH_066B.html
searchChannels.xhtml = SOH_055B.html
searchWebMenu.xhtml = NUH_001B.html
searchWebMenuOrder.xhtml = NUH_002B.html
searchPositionsUser.xhtml = NUH_040B.html
searchClearingHouses.xhtml = NUH_054B.html
searchTransactionsConcepts.xhtml = NUH_059B.html
searchExchangeRateForCorporations.xhtml = NUH_042B.html
searchChangeProductParameters.xhtml = MEH_020E.html
searchInternationalRepresentation.xhtml = INH_008B2.html
searchSupervisorDepositsCapture.xhtml = INH_004E.html
